hello I'm Rosalie Papadopoulos today
we're in the quiet caucasian enclave of
Forest Hills New York concerned citizens
contacted us and what we found was
nothing short of spectacular this is
where it happened the rusty Pines co-op
home a 40-year old pet store employee
Kyle Farnsworth we spoke at length with
superintendent vladimir liquor run three
years no problems all sudden complaints
loud tribal music Warrensburg an event
crackers one night i pound on door up
comes man not father's about it you say
hello Vlad he knows my name other
tenants also witnessed this stranger on
the premises laundry smiling saying how
do you do around here he talks funny
on the surface Kyle Farnsworth armée
appear like your average Forest Hills
resident however after a full hour of
in-depth interrogation where he
repeatedly denied any knowledge of a
strange man residing in his apartment
bunk seekers went in for the kill
anytime I hear Spanish spoken my body
mutates into that of a small Latino man
I'm sorry what I hear Spanish spoken my
body physically morphs kind of like a
reverse Latino Incredible Hulk how long
has this been going on three years ago I
got a concussion cooking Thai food I
woke up naked in the hospital in a
cat-scan machine a bolt of lightning
struck the generator exposing me to
massive amounts of radiation
Kyle why a small Latino man I have no
idea with Kyle's permission we followed
him around with our camera crew to
witness firsthand this alleged
transformation this street is is famous
first Latino culture
I've actually had a couple of problems
here but this place is definitely
Hispanic hello what are the specials for
today camera back on him the speech
about did you recommend some delicious
oh yeah real challenge Rosalie last week
an old Mexican woman asked me for
directions I woke up with this have
there been any positive experiences
through these transformations let me ask
for directions pardon me I seem to have
lost my bearings
I just need directions to your heart
Kyle was eager for a resolution we
introduced him to dr. Isaac Bashevis
Walters a world-renowned physicist at
the Bayonne Institute of Technology we
have the means to reassemble his genetic
structure me and a team of highly
trained international doctors will
perform a hydro radiation treatment on
his DNA I am sure Kyle will be as good
as new
perhaps the words of an overconfident
man the operation was anything but
routine everything was going fine we
were finishing up and dr. Sanchez
decided it was a good time to take a
phone call
we immediately implemented aggressive
countermeasures to restore his Caucasian
essence we played Peter Cetera pina
colada song nothing worked
not even any fucking Loggins the man we
knew as Kyle Farnsworth is no more left
in his place now to carry on his legacy
is Kyle's alter ego the small Latino man
I will do all that I can to pay the
respects the kind for starter dessert
you mean how thornsberry that's what I
said what's next for the small Latino
man and Rosalia has a name I'm sorry I
had no idea please
New York wants to know what is your name
Tom Cruise